# UNI-M3 Manager Level Guide (Internal Growth)

**DESCRIPTION:** Demonstrates strong desire to learn and grow; self-learner, quick to pick up and apply new knowledge as a manager.

**EXAMPLE ROLES:** Manages UNI-1 to UNI-2s.

**OWNERSHIP & ACCOUNTABILITY:** Manages the coordination of the activities of a section or department with responsibility for results, including costs, methods and staffing. Receives assignments from Sr. Managers to roll out with team. Relays & articulates team vision, doesn't set the vision.

**TEAMWORK / COLLABORATION:** Input into broader decisions, makes day-to-day decisions for their immediate team. Provides direction to reports on short term strategies and tactics. Sets context for others; and is able to influence the thinking of others.

**INITIATIVE:** In conjunction with senior managers, ensures teams successfully complete their goals. Proactively responds to and seeks support for performance concerns on their team. Beginning to direct work of others, not expected to be an expert in leading teams.

**SCOPE & COMPLEXITY:** Works on issues requiring the analysis of data, relevant factors and resolves problems. Exercises judgment and interpretation to determine appropriate action. Develops and works on goals with their team.

**IMPACT:** Erroneous decisions or failure to achieve results in scheduling delays.

**SUPERVISION:** Manages activities of direct team. Not responsible for planning or budgeting.

**EXPERIENCE:** Minimum 1 year of direct experience as a manager or internal mobility to become a manager with at least 1 year at Uniswap. Years of experience ideally align with equivalent IC YoE, manager specifics can be a part of that total.
