# UNI-M4 Manager Level Guide

**DESCRIPTION:** Problem solver, is leaned on by less experienced members of the team to help solve problems.

**EXAMPLE ROLES:** Manages UNI-1 to UNI-3 and 1-2 possible managers.

**OWNERSHIP & ACCOUNTABILITY:** Manages activities of two or more sections or departments. Exercises supervision in terms of costs, methods, and staffing. In some instances this manager may have subordinate M3s.

**TEAMWORK / COLLABORATION:** Has decision making discretion; however still needs approval of a supervisor for larger impact decisions. Provides direction to reports on short term strategies and tactics. Sets context for others & gains cooperation; and is able to influence the thinking of others in sensitive situations without damage to the relationship.

**INITIATIVE:** Sets day-to-day direction of others. Ensures their team(s) are able to successfully complete all goals on time and/or ask for help when issues arise. Able to manage basic level performance concerns with ease, knows when to reach out for support.

**SCOPE & COMPLEXITY:** Works on issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth knowledge of organizational objectives. Holds team accountable to their goals and UL ways of working.

**IMPACT:** Erroneous decisions will result in critical delay(s) in schedules and/or unit operations.

**SUPERVISION:** Manages activities of two or more sections or departments. Exercises supervision in terms of costs, methods, and staffing.

**EXPERIENCE:** External hires – generally minimum 2-3 years of direct experience as a manager or combination of past experience and internal Uniswap individual contributor experience. Years of experience ideally align with equivalent IC YoE, manager specifics can be a part of that total.
