# UNI-M5 Manager Level Guide

**DESCRIPTION:** Leads their team to effectively complete goals, and drive our mission forward. Takes initiative in identifying and resolving issues that can improve the overall efficiency and effectiveness of their direct team.

**EXAMPLE ROLES:** Typically manages M3 & M4 OR a division at Uniswap (UNI-1 to UNI-4).

**OWNERSHIP & ACCOUNTABILITY:** Directs and controls the activities of a broad functional area as a manager of managers (no more than one layer). Overall control of planning, staffing, and recommending and implementing changes to methods for their team. Frequently advises team(s) on moderately complex matters.

**TEAMWORK / COLLABORATION:** Requires the ability to persuade others in sensitive and complex situations, while preserving relationships. Recruits and retains the best talent for their respective team. Directs their own work as well as delegate to others appropriately.

**INITIATIVE:** Supports any sub-managers in setting day-to-day directions. Owns the success of their managers and teams to complete all work on time, escalating appropriately when needed. Appropriately and collaboratively advocates for the needs of their team, manages performance concerns.

**SCOPE & COMPLEXITY:** Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth knowledge of the company. Able to work through problems that are not clearly defined and lack strategic direction.

**IMPACT:** Erroneous decisions will have a serious impact on the overall success of functional, division, or company operations.

**SUPERVISION:** Manages activities of two or more disciplines or a department. Oversees experienced level professionals and/or may be responsible for subordinate managers. Has overall control of planning, staffing, budgeting, and recommending and implementing changes to methods.

**EXPERIENCE:** External hires – generally minimum 3-5 years of direct experience as a manager or combination of past related experience and internal Uniswap individual contributor experience. Years of experience ideally align with equivalent IC YoE, manager specifics can be a part of that total.
