# UNI-M6 Manager Level Guide

**DESCRIPTION:** Leads their team in the design and execution of medium to large scale projects, taking into account cross-functional teams.

**EXAMPLE ROLES:** Typically manages M4 & M5 OR multiple divisions or professional groups at Uniswap (UNI-1 to UNI-5).

**OWNERSHIP & ACCOUNTABILITY:** Participates with Leadership & fellow senior leaders to establish strategic plans and objectives. Makes final decisions on implementation and ensures operational effectiveness. Directs and controls activities through senior managers who report to them (may have 2 layers of managers). Ensures all sub-team planning aligns, supports efforts of the managers on their team, including hiring, development & retention.

**TEAMWORK / COLLABORATION:** Provides strategy & direction on longer term strategies and innovative tactics. Responsible for ensuring collaborative execution. Works through their managers to guide and facilitate the successful completion of goals. Able to manage up in a collaborative and supportive way.

**INITIATIVE:** Sets the vision and strategy of their team(s) in alignment with department-wide vision. Encourages and fosters a space where clean escalations are the norm. Able to support performance concerns on their team and through direct managers.

**SCOPE & COMPLEXITY:** Works on complex issues where problems are not clearly defined and where fundamental principles do not fully apply. Translates & cascades broader strategy into functional/team plans and goals. Contributes to development of UL policies & procedures.

**IMPACT:** Erroneous decisions will have a critical long-term (typically up to five years) impact on the overall success of function or multi departments.

**SUPERVISION:** Directs the activities of a functional area or multiple integrated departments through lower management. Leads team(s) to develop new methods and solve complex matters.

**EXPERIENCE:** External hires – generally minimum 5-8 years of direct experience as a manager or combination of past related experience and internal Uniswap individual contributor experience. Years of experience ideally align with equivalent IC YoE, manager specifics can be a part of that total.
