# UNI-M7 Manager Level Guide

**DESCRIPTION:** Inspires action, coordinates simultaneous initiatives. Sets the team's vision with exec team.

**EXAMPLE ROLES:** Typically manages M6 or M5 – OR multiple divisions or professional groups (L3 – L5 ICs).

**OWNERSHIP & ACCOUNTABILITY:** Directs the activities of a division, product group, or multiple integrated departments through lower management (as relevant for Uniswap size). Leads team(s) to develop new methods and solve complex matters. Makes final decisions on implementation and ensures operational effectiveness. Supports team & their managers in hiring, development, & retention, operates as a thought partner to managers, empowering them to lead their teams. Effectively cascades functional strategy and ...

**TEAMWORK / COLLABORATION:** Participates with exec team to establish strategic plans and objectives. Fosters a space built on trust & in alignment with UNIcode & UL values. Effectively cascades functional strategy and contributes to development of organizational policies.

**INITIATIVE:** Translates business segment strategy into functional plans and guides execution. Reconciles multiple stakeholder views to drive business results.

**SCOPE & COMPLEXITY:** Works consistently with abstract ideas or situations across functional areas of the business. Through assessment of intangible variables, identifies and evaluates fundamental issues, providing strategy and direction for multiple functional areas. Anticipates factors that could influence strategies and company position in the market. Provides direction to senior managers in various areas, groups, and/or operations.

**IMPACT:** Contributes to development of strategies of a function or multi departments. Erroneous decisions will affect the company’s success, five years or longer.

**SUPERVISION:** Leads activities of one or more functional areas, divisions, product groups and services through subordinate directors/managers who have overall responsibility for the successful operation of assigned areas. Oversees team(s) to develop new methods and solve company-wide matters.

**EXPERIENCE:** External hires – generally minimum 8-10 years of direct experience as a manager or combination of past related experience and internal Uniswap individual contributor experience. Years of experience ideally align with equivalent IC YoE, manager specifics can be a part of that total.
